docs/kcl/settings.md, before:

---
title: "KCL Settings"
excerpt: "Documentation of settings for the KCL language and Zoo Modeling App."
layout: manual
---

# KCL Settings

There are three levels of settings available in the KittyCAD modeling application:

1. [User Settings](/docs/kcl/settings/user): Global settings that apply to all projects, stored in `user.toml`
2. [Project Settings](/docs/kcl/settings/project): Settings specific to a project, stored in `project.toml`
3. Per-file Settings: Settings that apply to a single KCL file, specified using the `@settings` attribute

## Configuration Files

The KittyCAD modeling app uses TOML files for configuration:

* **User Settings**: `user.toml` - See [complete documentation](/docs/kcl/settings/user)
* **Project Settings**: `project.toml` - See [complete documentation](/docs/kcl/settings/project)

## Per-file settings

Settings which affect a single file are configured using the settings attribute.
This must be at the top of the KCL file (comments before the attribute are permitted).
For example:

```js
// The settings attribute.
@settings(defaultLengthUnit = in)

// The rest of your KCL code goes below...

x = 42 // Represents 42 inches.
```

The settings attribute may contain multiple properties separated by commas.
Valid properties are:

- `defaultLengthUnit`: the default length unit to use for numbers declared in this file.
  - Accepted values: `mm`, `cm`, `m`, `in` (inches), `ft` (feet), `yd` (yards).
- `defaultAngleUnit`: the default angle unit to use for numbers declared in this file.
  - Accepted values: `deg` (degrees), `rad` (radians).

These settings override any project-wide settings (configured in project.toml or via the UI).

Commit message:

Rename the app to Zoo Design Studio (#5974)
* WIP: Change the name of the app
Fixes #5971

* Force release build

* More renames

* Fix release builds on PR

* Remove alpha on home page, replace with nightly if nightly

* Change appId back to dev.zoo.modeling-app after updater test failure

* Cleanup towards review

* Lint

* Lint plus @jacebrowning's suggestion

* Lint

docs/kcl/settings.md, after:

---
title: "KCL Settings"
excerpt: "Documentation of settings for the KCL language and Zoo Design Studio."
layout: manual
---

# KCL Settings

There are three levels of settings available in the KittyCAD Design Studiolication:

1. [User Settings](/docs/kcl/settings/user): Global settings that apply to all projects, stored in `user.toml`
2. [Project Settings](/docs/kcl/settings/project): Settings specific to a project, stored in `project.toml`
3. Per-file Settings: Settings that apply to a single KCL file, specified using the `@settings` attribute

## Configuration Files

The KittyCAD Design Studio uses TOML files for configuration:

* **User Settings**: `user.toml` - See [complete documentation](/docs/kcl/settings/user)
* **Project Settings**: `project.toml` - See [complete documentation](/docs/kcl/settings/project)

## Per-file settings

Settings which affect a single file are configured using the settings attribute.
This must be at the top of the KCL file (comments before the attribute are permitted).
For example:

```js
// The settings attribute.
@settings(defaultLengthUnit = in)

// The rest of your KCL code goes below...

x = 42 // Represents 42 inches.
```

The settings attribute may contain multiple properties separated by commas.
Valid properties are:

- `defaultLengthUnit`: the default length unit to use for numbers declared in this file.
  - Accepted values: `mm`, `cm`, `m`, `in` (inches), `ft` (feet), `yd` (yards).
- `defaultAngleUnit`: the default angle unit to use for numbers declared in this file.
  - Accepted values: `deg` (degrees), `rad` (radians).

These settings override any project-wide settings (configured in project.toml or via the UI).
